1. Let's have it such that when a user rolls, the roll button is at the bottom, and all of the options for that are at the main portion of the screen. Then when it lands on a given option, it highlights that line, then when it moves to the next step in the process, those all are animated to slide up to the progress section. 

E.g. If the first roll is just Shaken vs Stirred, it's a 1 vs 2. So Roll is the button at the bottom, and '1. Shaken' and '2. Stirred' are above it in the main portion of the window. The user clicks the 'Roll' button, and it shows the animation for the dice roll, and shows the die face up on what it lands on or maybe for a 1/2 like that it would be a coin flip?). If it lands on 1, then Shaken is highlighted, and when the user clicks next, the Shaken row 'slides' up to the Progress section and it moves to the Spirits roll.

E.g. Then in the spirits roll, the first roll is for the number of spirits, with a D6 die. But beneath that are all the various types of spirits listed out, like '1. Gin', '2. Vodka', '3. Rum', etc. If it lands on a 3 for example, that would get listed at the top first, then we know that we need to roll three more times to select the spirits. THAT roll would be a D# for whatever number of types of spirits there are. If I have 14 types of spirits, it would be a D14 (I think graphically it's a D12 for the animation), but that would be rolled three times. The first time, if it lands on 2, it would highlight '2. Vodka'. The second time, if it lands on 8, it would highlight '8. Tequila'. The third time, if it lands on 11, it would highlight '11. Triple Sec'. Now that the three have been selected, ONLY when the user clicks to move on to the next stage, will all three be animated to slide up to the 'Progress' section, and it moves on to the Mixers section.

2. The 'Progress' and existing status of any drink disappears if the user clicks the homepage, even if they start a new drink. The 'Progress' also shows on all pages, including the homepage, Inventory, and others which it should not. It should only show when a new drink has started.

3. The homepage should have a big 'Roll' button in the center that starts the drink creation, NOT 'New Drink' and 'New Shot' buttons.

4. Let's move the 'Inventory', 'Cookbook', and 'Settings' (Sound + Dev Panel) to a bottom locked taskbar on the home screen ONLY. They will be 1/3 of the taskbar each, not buttons anymore. This will not show on any other page. 

5. The Inventory page is just ugly. Can we have it such that the first Inventory page is just two buttons 'View Inventory' and 'Add Item' primarily, with the 'Export Inventory' as a smaller button at the far bottom of the screen. Clicking on 'Add Item' brings the user to a modal where they can select the Category (not just Spirits, Mixers, or Additives,, but every possible iteration and sub-table, e.g. Whiskey, Vodka, Bitters, etc), and the name. The ID should be programmatically generated, not user generated, and no traits are needed. 'View Inventory' lets the user see all items, or filter by sub-table (e.g. Whiskey), and open a given item (e.g. Jim Beam) to remove it from inventory if the user needs to deprecate it. This will only toggle the inventory item out of rotation, NOT remove it from inventory (perhaps fade names of deprecated items from the inventory list).

6. The Cookbook page is just as ugly. Can we rename it to 'Recipe Book', and have it such that the first Recipe Book page is just 'View Recipes' primarily, with the 'Export Recipes' as a smaller button at the far bottom of the screen. Clicking on 'View Recipes' lets the user see all items, sorted newest to oldest with a search bar at the top where they can search by name or ingredient (e.g. 'Lemonade', 'Jim Beam', or just 'Whiskey'). This will not be case sensitive, and typing in a category (e.g. 'Whiskey') will show ALL whiskey drinks, including all brands.

7. Collapsing the 'Progress' bar should only collapse it, not hide it permanently.